we have some lovely news good news and
just the ten ce-tit-ce-tit see my new
little bit of bad news but we're not
sharing the bad news but is there not
gonna mend that little bit of bad news
is not no matter the scheme of the
lovely news
our husbands always make us share the
bad news with you but we're not going to
we were few done ok we gonna make Kelly
sure she does all the time she does all
the other work for us so why shouldn't
she do this if you guys haven't met
Kelly she is our customer service
extraordinaire she is this all your
emails she's tireless in fact she's part
of the decoration of our lounge rooms
too because she's it's now manager and
she works on trim healthy mama I mean ok
we grew up in Australian we say lounge
room but it means um Kelly lives was my
parents actually but she really doesn't
she lives over at my house means how she
wakes up in the morning she just starts
with the questions all day with us tell
him about that time that we gave her a
week a year that was hilarious
we gave Kelly a week off of customer
service and it was like the worst thing
we ever did don't know what to do
because it took four people to do this
one job we call her Kelly Jean for Kelly
genius and they're making me sound so
great but I seriously do you love my job
and I love working for them Oh
Kelly is hey Wayne bells you can't do
you hid in the distance in the distance
yeah say don't L nephew the farmer and
Kelly are very much I know how do you do
a lot okay there you go
so we get to watch that like two videos
and it's very fun than making hay um
okay the good news is a whey protein is
coming ah I get to say that I say the
good news all right it's gonna be say it
anyway okay our whey protein is going to
be here for Cyber Monday yay well sort
of not
quite yet Kelly you share the Denny's
well they're not so good news is that
even though it will be part of the Cyber
Monday sale it won't be at our shipping
warehouse for another week after the
sale so anything that you order during
the sale with that includes whey protein
and the order won't be shipped out until
we get it back in stock but you know if
you want I know you guys been waiting
for way we are not accepting the blame
on that either right this being just
waiting to be packed out if it's going
to come to your house yes it will end up
just maybe like a weekly so you're not
looking for way that's fine all the
other products and a week really long
about patience patience being a virtue
patients have patients don't need to be
in a hurry when you get impatient you
only start to worry
together else but you get anyway um so
enjoy the sale it's going to be great
but just if you want the whey protein
just hang on and your goods will get to
you about a week I'm glad we got engines
yes because Kelly now you have a face to
you to a name when you do support it
from health and number calm this is she
you